General Gimp settings (these might already be set up)
1) Enable single window mode [Windows - Single-Window Mode]

2) Open the layers dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Layers]

3) Open the paths dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Paths]

4) Open the toolbox [Windows - Toolbox]

5) Open the tool options dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Tool Options]


1) Fill the "Skin" layer with the color of the costume's skin

2) Click on the "Shadow" layer.  Go to the paths dialog and double click the "Shadow" path

3) Go to the "Select" menu accross the top.  Select "Selection from Path"

4) Go to the "Select" menu.  Select "Feather", set it to 20, and click "OK"

5) Fill that selection with the color for the shading around the entire eye (black highly recommended)

6) Go to the "Base" layer

7) Activate the "Base" path and click "Selection from Path".  Go to the "Selection" menu and "Feather" the selection by 10

8) Fill with the color for the outer part of the eye (white/light grey on default)

9) Go to the "Base Shading" layer.  Activate the "Base" path and click "Select from Path".  Go to the "Selection" menu, "Invert" the selection, and then "Feather" the selection by 80

10) Fill with the color for the shading on the outer eye (black highly recommended)

11) Go to the "Pupil Shadow" layer.  Activate the "Pupil" path and click "Select from Path". "Feather" the selection by 100

12) Fill with the color for the shadow of the pupil (black highly recommended)

13) Go to the "Pupil Reflect" layer.  Activate the "Pupil" path and click "Selection from Path". "Feather" the selection by 50

14) Fill with the base (darkest) color of the pupil

15) Go to the "Pupil" layer.  Activate the "Pupil" path and click "Selection from Path". Fill with the same color as Step 14

16) Go to the "Texture" layer.  Activate the "Pupil" path and click "Selection from Path". Fill with the colorfor the design on the bottom half of the pupil

17)  Go to the "Highlight Lower" layer.  Activate the "Highlight" path and click "Selection from Path". "Feather" the selection by 100.  Fill with the color for the highlight in the upper left (usually white)

18)  Go to the "Highlight Upper" layer.  Activate the "Highlight" path and click "Selection from Path". "Feather" the selection by 50.  Fill with the same color as Step 17