General Gimp settings (these might already be set up)
1) Enable single window mode [Windows - Single-Window Mode]
2) Open the layers dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Layers]
3) Open the paths dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Paths]
4) Open the toolbox [Windows - Toolbox]
5) Open the tool options dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Tool Options]

1) Fill the "Skin" layer with the color of the costume's skin
2) Click on the "Shadow" layer.  Go to the paths dialog and double click the "Shadow" path
3) In the left panel click "Selection from Path"
4) Go to the "Selection" menu accross the top.  Select "Feather", set it to 20, and click "OK"
5) Fill that selection with the color for the shading around the entire eye (black highly recommended)
6) Go to the "Base" layer
7) Activate the "Base" path and click "Selection from Path".  Go to the "Selection" menu and "Feather" 
the selection by 10
8) Fill with the color for the outer part of the eye (white/light grey on default)
9) Go to the "Base Shading" laye.  Activate the "Base" path and click "Selection from Path".  Go to the 
"Selection" menu, "Invert" the selection, and then "Feather" the selection by 80
10) Fill with the color for the shading on the outer eye (black highly recommended)
11) Right click the "Base" layer and click "Alpha to Selection".  "Invert" the selection
12) Go to the "Base Shading" layer and press "Delete" on your keyboard
13) Go to the "Pupil Shadow" layer.  Activate the "Eye" path and click "Selection from Path". "Feather" the 
selection by 100
14) Fill with the color for the shadow of the pupil (black highly recommended)
15) Go to the "Pupil Reflect" layer.  Activate the "Eye" path and click "Selection from Path". "Feather" 
the selection by 50
16) Fill with the base (darkest) color of the pupil
17) Go to the "Pupil" layer.  Activate the "Eye" path and click "Selection from Path". Fill with the same 
color as Step 16
18) Go to the "Texture" layer.  Activate the "Eye" path and click "Selection from Path". Fill with the color
for the design on the bottom half of the pupil
19)  Go to the "Highlight Lower" layer.  Activate the "Highlight" path and click "Selection from Path". 
"Feather" the selection by 100.  Fill with the color for the highlight in the upper left
20)  Go to the "Highlight Upper" layer.  Activate the "Highlight" path and click "Selection from Path". 
"Feather" the selection by 50.  Fill with the same color as Step 19