General Gimp settings (these might already be set up)
1) Enable single window mode [Windows - Single-Window Mode]
2) Open the layers dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Layers]
3) Open the paths dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Paths]
4) Open the toolbox [Windows - Toolbox]
5) Open the tool options dialog [Windows - Dockable Dialogs - Tool Options]
6) There may be blue dotted lines going accross the screen.  These will be used later.  Turn off their 
visibility for now [View - Show Guides]
7) Ensure there's a check mark next to "Snap to Guides" [View - Snap to Guides]


1) Fill the "Skin" layer with the color of the costume's skin
2) Click on the "Eye" layer.  Go to the paths dialog and double click the "Eye" path
3) Go to the "Selection" menu accross the top.  Select "Selection from Path"
4) Go to the "Selection" menu.  Select "Feather", set it to 10, and click "OK"
5) Fill that selection with the base eye color
6) Go to the "Eye Color" layer
7) Activate the "Eye Color" path and click "Selection from Path".  Go to the "Selection" menu and "Shrink" the
selection by 10.  Then "Feather" the selection by 100
8) Fill that selection with the color for the bottom half of Kirby's eye
9) Click on the "Eye Color #1" layer and fill the selection with the same color
10) Go to the "Eye Highlight" layer, activate the "Eye Highlight" path, and click "Selection from Path"
11) "Feather" the selection by 20 and fill with the color for the highlight on the top half of the eye
12) Go to the "Cheek" layer, activate the "Cheek" path, and click "Selection from Path"
13) "Feather" the selection by 175.  When filling the selection, click twice not once
14) Go the the "Layer" menu accross the top and click "Autocrop Layer'
16) Enable the guides [View - Show Guides]
15) CLick on the "Scale" tool and then click the cheek.  In the scale menu there will be an icon that resembles
a paperclip to the right of the two numbers.  Click it until the two halves of the icon are not joined together
16) On the main canvas drag the corners of the "Cheek" layer so they line up with the guide.  They should
snap right to it
17) Click "OK" in the scale menu